website/docs: integrations: major integration cleanup (#10073)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/argocd/index.md

In authentik, create an _OAuth2/OpenID Provider_ (under _Applications/Providers_) with these settings:

- **Name**: ArgoCD
- **Client Type**: `Confidential`
- **Signing Key**: Select any available key
- **Redirect URIs**: https://argocd.company/api/dex/callback and http://localhost:8085/auth/callback

> After creating the provider, take note of the `Client ID` and `Client Secret`. You'll need to provide them to ArgoCD in the _ArgoCD Configuration_ field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the provider, take note of the `Client ID` and `Client Secret`. You'll need to provide them to ArgoCD in the **ArgoCD Configuration**field.
```

### Step 2 - Application creation

Create a new _Application_ (under _Applications/Applications_) with these settings:

- **Name**: ArgoCD
- **Provider**: ArgoCD
- **Slug**: argocd
- **Launch URL**: https://argocd.company/auth/login

### Step 3 - ArgoCD Group creation

> Create a new _Group_ (under _Directory/Groups_) that'll be used as the admin group for ArgoCD (if you already have an "admin" group, you can skip this part!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new group (under **Directory -> Groups**) that will be used as the admin group for ArgoCD (if you already have an admin group, you can skip this part!)
```
